[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
And one of our favorites,
Mike Ricksecker with us,
is an author,
researcher, filmmaker,
who recently traveled
to Egypt to discover
stargates that
might have been used
for travel in ancient times.
Michael, welcome
back to the program.
>>MIKE RICKSECKER: Thank
you so much, George.
I really appreciate
being back today.
>>NOORY: So Mike,
what are stargates?
>>RICKSECKER: Stargates
are these gateways
to other locations in the
cosmos, these portals that
can take us to either
other places on Earth
or other places
throughout the universe.
>>NOORY: Are they
like wormholes?
>>RICKSECKER: You
would use a wormhole
to move between these
different portals or stargates.
So you would have the
gateway on one end, a gateway
on the other, and
then the wormhole
would be the method of
transport in between.
>>NOORY: I've always wondered
that extraterrestrials
would travel from
point A to point B
by bending space and time.
How accurate am I?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
This could very well
be one of the ways
that they are moving back
and forth to our planet.
Extraterrestrial
civilizations having
many of these
billions of years more
to be able to advance their
technology ahead of ours
could have figured
out the secret
to the Einstein-Rosen
bridge, like you
said, bending space
and time, and then
the connection between either
side would be that wormhole.
>>NOORY: Explain the
Einstein-Rosen bridge.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, exactly.
So this is the idea
that you're trying
to take two points
that are extremely far
away from each other
in the universe,
and you can't get there
through Newtonian physics.
It just takes too long--
>>NOORY: It's not possible.
>>RICKSECKER: --light years.
Yes, the human being would
pass away on a trip that long.
So the idea here is if you
can bend space and time,
and bring those two points
closer to each other,
then you could bridge the
two through that wormhole.
>>NOORY: It's kind of
like drop right down.
Poof.
>>RICKSECKER: Right, exactly.
Yeah, a little bit different
because when we usually
conventionally
think of a wormhole,
we think of that tunnel which
as we're making that travel,
that may be similar
to what it's like.
But when we think of
what something like that
would look like, we generally
think of you have a hole
and you pass right through it.
But really, when you
take into consideration,
we're talking about
3D space, it actually
comes out more as a sphere.
So it would be a spherical hole
from one point here to another.
>>NOORY: Is it a
new physics to talk
about bending space and time?
>>RICKSECKER: No,
this is something
that's actually been around
for a long, long time.
This is something that the
ancients used to talk about
and really got lost to time.
And we're just now
rediscovering today.
>>NOORY: The ancients
talked about this?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
When you look at a lot of the
depictions in ancient artwork
and they show traversing
through the universe,
traveling across the
skies, they actually
mentioned this within
their literature
about this type of travel.
>>NOORY: Have scientists
discovered anything
with wormholes?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
it's interesting
because there was a new
experiment that was recently
revealed here to the
public, November 2022,
that they had actually
created what they considered
to be on a quantum
level actual wormholes
in the lab that were
connected to each other,
well, through the
wormhole but portals
on either side connected
through a wormhole.
And they were able to
do this in the lab.
>>NOORY: What did they do?
Send something from
one spot to the other?
>>RICKSECKER: Well, it was funny
because as they were talking
to the press about this,
people were asking them,
were you able to send
something through there?
And one of the people
that asked, well,
could you send a dog through it?
And the one scientist
kind of laughed and said,
we're talking small
scale right now, and a--
>>NOORY: And have it
come out as a dog, right?
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
And to me, it's kind of funny
because why do we immediately
go to sending a dog
through a portal?
Why don't we try maybe a
probe, something like that,
rather than a living
being at this point.
>>NOORY: Remember
the movie The Fly?
>>RICKSECKER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Where that little
fly got into that transporter.
>>RICKSECKER: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Turned him
into the brundlefly.
>>RICKSECKER:
There you go, yeah.
Yeah, we don't know right now
what the repercussions would
be of sending somebody
through something
like this, which is
why in science, they're
taking a step by step, little
by little, and trying to really
they're rediscovering a
technology that was lost.
And it'd be interesting
to see how far they're
able to take this with
the current technology.
>>NOORY: Michael, hundreds
of thousands of people
disappear on this
planet every year.
They're just gone.
Nobody knows where they are.
Is it possible that they're
stumbling into stargates
all around the planet
and they're just--
they can't get back?
>>RICKSECKER: That's
something I believe.
And there are some
that do come back
and the stories that they tell
are very, very fascinating
that they were on a
path in the woods,
heard something off on
the side of the path,
took a step off into
the brush to take a look
to see what the noise
was, didn't find anything,
turned around and
get back on the path,
and it was completely gone.
And they're lost in the woods
for days, sometimes weeks--
>>NOORY: Scary.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
Some never come back.
So it's very possible
that, yes, some of these
have been lost through
portals and what
we would also call stargates.
>>NOORY: Are there areas
on this planet like Egypt
that have more
stargates than others?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
that's a good question.
Egypt is one that you see a
lot of that ancient symbolism
of stargates throughout
their temples.
Now other locations in
the world like Maramures
or the Gateway of the Sun.
These are other locations
that are considered stargates
but Egypt seems to have
a great number of these.
>>NOORY: I'm fascinated
by the area of Abydos
in Egypt, that
etching that showed
a submarine, a helicopter.
Where did that come from?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
that's a great question
because when we look
at ancient artwork,
they drew what they saw.
So when we look at those
etchings, yeah, you're right.
Something that looks
like an airplane,
something that looks like
a tank, a helicopter.
>>NOORY: Clearly.
>>RICKSECKER: Is this a
result of having traversed
through the stargate
and coming back
and then showing what they saw?
Abydos is a location that
does have several stargates.
>>NOORY: Your friend
Muhammad Ibrahim
shows depictions of stargates.
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM: Now,
we see the word stargate
in Abydos Temple.
Sab.
And Sab means star
and the symbol gate.
And in the same way, stargate,
stargate, stargate, stargate.
So if this was just a title,
why we don't see it everywhere
next to the name of the king?
Because this is the stargate.
This is what we
call [NON-ENGLISH]..
This is the symbol
for [NON-ENGLISH]..
And this symbol was called
[NON-ENGLISH],, [NON-ENGLISH],,
white cake.
White cake.
And John was talking
about white gold.
They said that they
eat the white gold
to have these
powers like natives.
So it could be white cake.
>>NOORY: Fascinating isn't it?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
Mohamed and I do
these tours together,
Stargates of Ancient Egypt.
And I always learn so much
from him about stargates
going there, and going to these
locations in which you see
very clearly the word stargate.
And the word is "saba."
Ancient Egyptian language
didn't really have vowels.
So the two letters that
we see, the S and the B
are the word for stargate.
And then you have the
determinative characters,
which is the star, and then the
actual gate that are included
and you have saba, stargate.
And you see these on doorways
into these different rooms.
And then of course, the white
cakes, the monatomic white gold
that is believed was ingested
in order to activate and access
the stargates.
>>NOORY: Do we know where
stargates are today?
>>RICKSECKER: Well, that's
a wonderful question.
Of course, we have
these ones like there
in Egypt in the
different temples which
we believe had been
once working stargates.
There's a location
in Egypt today.
It's called-- well,
it's basically
a military base in Dahshur.
It's right there by the Red
Pyramid and the Bent Pyramid.
People call this
Egypt's Area 51.
And it is believed that
there is within Egypt's Area
51, a working stargate.
And the stories that
come out of there
are very fascinating in
which what they've said
is it looks like an aurora
borealis on the ground.
And apparently you access this
stargate through the ground,
essentially stepping
through this Aurora.
>>NOORY: Do we have reports of
scientists finding stargates?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
that's a great question.
So we have the lab
work that's been done.
We find other symbolism
like Sri Lanka
has a stargate that they have
discovered there that's really
etched in stone, so
archeologists have discovered
a depiction of one there.
So it's you have the
lab work, and then you
have this ancient symbolism
that's being encountered.
>>NOORY: Fascinating work, Mike.
How did you begin to do this?
>>RICKSECKER: Well, my
interest goes far back to--
well, I don't know how far back.
>>NOORY: When you were a kid.
>>RICKSECKER: Really,
yeah, as a kid.
It's always there's
always that interest,
there's always that fascination.
I was always
interested in mystery
and in discovering
truth and knowledge.
I had several supernatural
paranormal experiences
as a child, so I was always
invested in that realm.
When it came to
Egypt specifically,
it was around the
1993 timeframe.
You had the "Mysteries
of the Sphinx"
documentary come out with Robert
Schoch, John Anthony West.
Charlton Heston
was the narrator.
>>NOORY: Classics.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
it's here on Gaia.
You can find that on
the streaming platform.
And I've watched
that several times.
But back then when
I first saw it,
it just blew my mind the
redating of the Sphinx.
And just after that, the
movie stargate came out.
So to me it was like
putting 1 and 2 together
and just a rabbit
hole I went down.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
found yourself in what
could be a stargate,
and it was just weird?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
I will tell you
this those locations
in Egypt that
have been designated
as stargates,
you do feel a palpable
energy in those locations.
>>NOORY: Can you
see them or is it
like a wavy effect or
anything like that?
>>RICKSECKER: If you
basically put yourself
into a meditative state
in those locations,
if you just take it in, yes,
you can start to see things
like that with your eyes.
It's truly fascinating
effect that
happens within these locations.
These are very energetic
locations on Earth.
There's that they're palpable--
>>NOORY: Are they
in other dimensions?
>>RICKSECKER: And
that's a great question
because when we're
talking about stargates,
we typically think of traversing
into the cosmos, another place
in the universe.
Maybe we're going from
here to another planet.
But another idea is that
we are possibly accessing
other dimensions here.
So I mentioned earlier,
the monatomic white gold.
What's fascinating
about that substance
is we've rediscovered
this here in recent years,
David Hudson back in the 1980s.
And while he patented
the process for actually
creating this substance.
And the tests that they did on
this substance, when they would
actually put it in
a pan to weigh it,
the whole mechanism
would weigh less.
So pan and all would weigh less
with the substance on there
than with it off.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
And that was just
at 70 Fahrenheit
that it would start to do this.
You raise the temperature
higher and the substance
would disappear.
And one of the interesting
things that they did
was they took a spatula
and they stirred it around
after it had disappeared.
When they cooled
everything back down,
it reappeared but it didn't
look as if the spatula had
any effect on it at all.
So the idea here was that
when you heated it up
to a certain
temperature, it actually
passed into another dimension.
So imagine here ingesting
this into your body.
It has antigravity
properties, and it
has properties to take it
into another dimension,
interdimensional properties.
And so you're going into
these energetic locations,
the stargates ingesting this.
So are you going
to another place
in the cosmos, another
dimension, an altered
states of consciousness?
>>NOORY: Makes you
invisible, doesn't it?
>>RICKSECKER: It could
make you invisible, sure.
>>NOORY: The pyramids,
Christopher Dunn has always
called them as a power plant.
What do you think
of that theory?
>>RICKSECKER: I'm on board
that there were certainly
some machines that
were providing power.
I've read his work.
It's fascinating.
I've been inside the Great
Pyramid of Giza a few times.
And for me, the
smoking gun there
is the Queen's Chamber, that
niche that's in the one wall.
It's this little
corbelled niche.
And mainstream archeology
will say, well,
that's a place where a statue or
some sort of idol or something
like that was.
But you look on the back
wall of it and it's scorched,
something was burning there.
And the stone is melted.
It's been petrified.
Now, if there's a statue
or an idol standing there,
it's not going to have that
effect on the back wall.
So certainly there is
some sort of mechanism
going on here with this.
And the locations where
these pyramids were at,
we're talking hotspot
nodes of telluric current
from the Earth.
And so I believe, yes, they
were harnessing this energy
from the Earth.
There was some sort
of mechanism inside,
along the lines of what
Christopher Dunn is
talking about, to create a
massive amount of energy.
And I believe that they used to
power some of these stargates.
>>NOORY: Mike what are the
Holy of Holies, what is that?
>>RICKSECKER: So
the Holy of Holies
these are really the most
sacred areas of the temples.
And usually--
>>NOORY: In Egypt?
>>RICKSECKER: In
Egypt, yes, usually
we think of a Jewish
synagogue or the Temple
of Solomon, that sort of thing.
But this term was
derived all the way back
from ancient Egypt, even
the arks when we think
of the Ark of the Covenant.
Well, the ancient
Egyptians also used arks.
And they would keep the
arks in the Holy of Holies.
But in many of these Holy of
Holies, hatches of this temple,
you have these depictions
of the stargates.
And actually
Hatshepsut's Temple I
absolutely love because that
is a perfect setup in which you
have this symbolism of energy
with the snakes going up
the side of the stairway
leading all the way back
into the temple
that's in the cliff.
On the one side, you have
the remains of a pyramid,
so the base of an old pyramid.
And again, we were just talking
about that being a power plant.
So that would be your power
to charge this whole thing.
And as you move through
the different courtyards
and inner sanctums,
you see on the doorways
the symbolism for stargate,
stargate, stargate,
all the way back in the Holy of
Holies of Hatshepsut's Temple
on the side wall.
And it's hard to get
in there because they
have a couple guards
stationed there that
will not let you in unless--
>>NOORY: So all they do
is stand there all day?
>>RICKSECKER: They stand there.
And it's funny because the Bark
Hall that they're standing in,
which is really basically
stands for the transportation
of the gods.
They are positioned there.
They do not let the tour guides
in there to explain anything.
And they have a little
sign on the side
under the stargate
symbol that says,
tour guides please don't
come in and explain anything.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>RICKSECKER: They
don't want they
don't want the tour guides
to explain exactly what this.
And the two guards are
standing there preventing you
from going into
the Holy of Holies.
If you tip them, they'll
take a photo of it for you.
But what you really want
is to get all the way
into the back and
on the one side wall
where they actually there's
a cartouche of stars.
And this is really like
the ultimate symbol
of the stargates.
>>NOORY: What is
the significance
of Elephantine Island?
>>RICKSECKER:
Elephantine Island this
is a fascinating location
right in the middle of the Nile
River.
And there is an old--
it's in complete ruins.
There is an old stargate there.
There's a temple of Khnum
that's there in which actually
has depictions of, if you can
believe this, in ancient Egypt
priests with Mayan headdresses.
And then underneath that
temple is an even older temple.
And if you are one who believes
on the journey of the Ark
of the Covenant making
its way down to Ethiopia,
this is believed
to be a location
in which the Ark of the Covenant
stayed for about 400 years.
Some people believe
the Ark of the Covenant
is still hidden there.
>>NOORY: It might be.
>>RICKSECKER: It could be.
Mike, researcher
Jonny Enoch explains
what may have happened
at Elephantine Island.
>>JONNY ENOCH: We're standing
in Elephantine Island
here in Egypt on the
Nile around Aswan,
and behind me is an
alleged stargate.
Here is a gate that was on
some kind of energy grid
where we have this
whole island made of
rose granite that's resonating
with this kind of energy.
And it's almost as if during
the cataclysm something
was triggered on this
grid or this area
where the core just exploded,
and the whole place just
was decimated.
Just look at this.
When you look up at this thing,
it's been pieced together.
But something came through here
that was so powerful that it
blew the whole place to pieces.
And I mean, we see all kinds
of magnificent structures made
of granite over there.
And again, why is
that significant?
Well, rose granite and granite
are contained with silica,
which is where we get
silicon microchips from which
are a great insulator
and conductor
of electromagnetic energy.
And of course, well, we see why
that's important to this place.
It was literally
loaded with energy.
Lastly, one of the Kings who
was obsessed with stargates
and actually had it in front
of his names was Thutmose III.
And of course, we see his
temple and his fingerprint
right next to this site.
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM: My question
is not how they made it,
but how it was
destroyed this way?
And this is not--
wasn't the only shrine.
We had at least 10 or more.
That is another one there, OK.
That is part of it
of another piece.
So we have at least 10 shrines.
So what would the reason
for this destruction?
And no way to claim it
is a group of people
came and knocked down the place.
No way, especially this piece.
From the shape of
this piece, it seemed
that something happened
here at the center
and with the strong
wave, this piece
was falling to the back side.
>>NOORY: So they're
convinced that's a stargate.
>>RICKSECKER: Yes.
And the idea there with
that particular temple
is that the only
thing still standing
is that gateway, that arch.
And it's as if there
was a massive energy
wave that pulsated through
it and knocked over it,
blew it all over.
Yes.
>>NOORY: You think
that happened?
>>RICKSECKER: I think it's
a distinct possibility.
If there was something--
we don't know what
may have happened
on the other side of
that stargate, what
happened on the other
side of the portal.
What was it that blew through.
Was there something
that happened,
if it was from another planet?
Was there some sort of
energy or destruction
that happened on
that other side that
blew an energy wave right
through and knocked over
that temple?
We don't know that.
But the physical evidence
just really shows us
that there was
something massive that
happened that did not
affect the gate itself,
which its blocks stacked
on top of each other.
It's probably one of
the most fragile parts
of that entire area there.
>>NOORY: Sure
>>RICKSECKER: But that stayed
and these large, massive--
I mean, dozens of tons.
These shrines are made of
granite, very, very heavy,
and they were knocked over
just like your little building
blocks.
>>NOORY: Assuming
extraterrestrials
are visiting us are they
coming through stargates?
>>RICKSECKER: That is
definitely one way in which
they could be visiting us.
I believe they're visiting
us several different ways.
But there could be
locations around the globe
today that we're not
aware of that are still
active in which they're able to
traverse through to our planet.
>>NOORY: Because when
people have seen them,
they seem to say,
they just disappeared.
So what if they went into
a stargate or a wormhole
and just came out and
went the other way?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, it's very
possible, and it makes sense.
Again, you take a look
at our Newtonian physics,
and it would take years
and years and years
to be able to travel
the cosmos with just
a spaceship and some rockets.
So it makes sense that
extraterrestrials have perhaps
perfected the idea of the
Einstein-Rosen bridge using
stargates, wormholes,
portals, those sorts of things
to be able to travel rather than
your conventional spaceship.
Or there may be some locations
on the planet in which we could
be talking about bigger portals
and stargates where they are
able to take a craft through.
And instead of their craft
traversing the universe going
from solar system
to solar system,
they could actually
be taking that craft
through the stargate.
>>NOORY: What about a
stargate that we don't know
that you would like to know?
>>RICKSECKER:
[LAUGHS] A stargate
that we don't know that
I would like to know.
I mean, I believe Antarctica
is a wonderful location which
is still very
mysterious that we don't
know a lot about in which there
could be a stargate there.
We've talked before about
the Alaska Triangle.
I believe there are
stargates up there.
So I would like to
know definitively
some of these locations if
there's operating stargates
there.
>>NOORY: What's
happening at Dendara?
>>RICKSECKER: Dendara is
a fascinating location.
It's really just down
the road from Abydos.
We have the Zodiac that's there.
This is a healing
temple of Hathor.
You have the light bulb,
the Dendera light bulb
that everybody's talking about.
They have some sort of
technology like that.
>>NOORY: It's ancient, right?
>>RICKSECKER: It's ancient.
But one of the things that
we found here recently
was up on the roof
of the temple,
it's a room that's up there.
It's really on the other
side of the roof from where
the Zodiac, is a room that has
a lot of symbolism of stargates.
And this is something
Mohamed Ibrahim was looking
at that he had found some of
the depictions a little bit
different than what we're used
to of gates with other symbols
inside of it and
then above the stars.
And when we were just
recently out there,
he's showing us a couple
of these things he recently
discovered.
>>NOORY: All excited about it.
>>RICKSECKER: All excited.
And then all of a
sudden, we notice--
no, this actually
wraps around it.
It goes outside.
They're all over this temple.
>>NOORY: Hmm, how
do you explain that?
>>RICKSECKER: This is a--
I believe this is a room that
was on top of the temple.
It's a special location.
Again, you have the Zodiac there
which is showing us the stars.
You have depictions on the
roof of the temple in the lower
sanctum showing the ships
across the night sky.
So I believe that this was a
room in which they were showing
us how the stargates function
and what their functions
were actually for.
There's still a
lot of research we
have to do with this
particular room,
and the depictions
there of the stargate
since our newest discovery.
There's some correlation
between the different symbols
within the gates and something
with the number of stars,
and we're still trying
to decode that key.
>>NOORY: You looked
at some discoveries
at Dendera yourself, didn't you?
>>RICKSECKER: Correct.
>>NOORY: Let's look.
>>RICKSECKER: Back again at the
Temple of Hathor in Dendera.
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM: Space.
Space what?
We call it space what?
Spaceship.
Oh, why you don't
call it space rocket?
Because the ancient
Egyptian represented
ships sailing on the sky.
All these ships are
sailing on the sky.
This is the sky
and this is Earth.
This shape is what
we call it, gate.
Now we can see five
stars and that symbol
chipped in the middle.
So that is gate was five
subject, different symbols.
Many stars now like I
can count 4, 8, 12 stars.
I think this man also
but unfortunately
the scene is destroyed.
You can even see this one.
>>RICKSECKER: Oh, oh,
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM:
This is too much.
>>RICKSECKER: It keeps going.
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM:
Right, and there's more.
See, we didn't see this before.
>>RICKSECKER: Right
on the other side.
Yeah, one with nine
stars out here.
It has 9.
Actually, this here
is also stargate.
Look right there, the
little symbol right there.
Oh, we got more over here.
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM: We made
good discovery, my friend.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Those
depictions are dynamite.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
they're really amazing.
And you have like a
double confirmation
here that of a stargate.
Of course, again,
the symbolism, you
have the larger gate
with the other symbols
inside like the Djed pillar
with the Stars above it.
But then in the
description up top
you have some of the
other stargate symbolism
there with the gate
with the star above it.
So this is confirming
for us what
we're believing that, yes, these
are depictions of stargates.
And I think we're going
to find some deeper
meaning within these.
And when we take a
look at the Djed pillar
that's inside the one,
well, the Djed pillar
was considered the
backbone of Egypt.
And they had a
yearly celebration
to celebrate the raising
of the Djed pillar,
and this was really to
celebrate new energies coming
into the land, so this
was very, very important
to the ancient Egyptian culture.
>>NOORY: How old were
those depictions, Mike?
>>NOORY: We're talking
around 1500 BC.
We don't know exactly
when they were carved.
>>NOORY: They were amazing.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
absolutely it's beautiful.
And especially--
>>NOORY: Can we
even do that today?
>>RICKSECKER: A lot
of these things no.
It's one of the things I
love about going to Egypt.
I'm always amazed.
>>NOORY: My father
was born there.
>>RICKSECKER: Right, right--
>>NOORY: --Cairo.
>>RICKSECKER:
--which is fantastic.
And I'm just always amazed
that you see, OK, we just
saw a video clip.
You see photos.
You see documentaries
on ancient Egypt.
And that's wonderful
and fantastic
but to actually go inside these
temples and these pyramids
and get it--
>>NOORY: Awesome.
>>RICKSECKER: Yes,
it's just awe striking.
>>NOORY: Do they
have an odor to it?
>>RICKSECKER: You know it's--
>>NOORY: Musky or anything?
>>RICKSECKER: Some
locations do, others don't.
Some locations are able
to ventilate a little bit.
A lot of the temples
there's a lot of airflow.
Some of the pyramids might
get a little musty inside.
And look at the Great
Pyramid, they've
got so much traffic in and out.
They have installed
some ventilation there.
But what was always wonderful
about that was no matter
how hot it got outside, it
always stayed within the 60s
inside before it started
becoming a major tourist
attraction.
>>NOORY: What do you think
stargates are really for?
>>RICKSECKER: I think there's
a few different purposes here
for the stargates.
Traveling the cosmos, yes.
Traveling to other
locations in the world,
I believe so as
well because we see
a lot of different locations
with very similar makeup
like the Step Pyramid at Saqqara
looks very similar to what
we see in Chichen Itza.
We talked earlier about
where did depictions
of Mayan headdresses come from,
there in Elephantine Island?
But then I also
believe that there
were some of these
locations that
may not have been a traditional
traversing the cosmos
but had to do more with
entering into an altered state
of consciousness or entering
into some other dimensional
space.
>>NOORY: Something truly amazing
happened on this planet, Mike,
a long time ago.
You have to conclude that.
>>RICKSECKER: Oh, absolutely.
And a lot of that knowledge
has been lost to time,
and we're rediscovering it now.
But there was something that
happened in our ancient past
that was really truly amazing.
Methodologies that other
civilizations across the planet
were able to communicate
with each other,
with other planets
across the universe.
I believe we were freely--
>>NOORY: How did we lose it?
>>RICKSECKER: Ancient
cataclysms lost to time.
It's--
>>NOORY: Wars.
>>RICKSECKER:
--unfortunately-- I'm sorry?
>>NOORY: Wars.
>>RICKSECKER: Wars.
Well, and certainly wars back at
those times were very barbaric.
They would try to wipe
out entire populations.
Absolute annihilation
or genocide.
You have-- you see the flood
story throughout all cultures.
And so the survivors of
that flood at that time,
they weren't interested in
building massive pyramids
and things like that.
They were just
trying to survive.
And so that survival would
last several generations.
And over that
time, the knowledge
of how to build some of
these things was lost.
>>NOORY: Truly remarkable.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
I encourage anybody that
has any interest in this
whatsoever, to come out to
Egypt and experience it.
It is absolutely life-changing
>>NOORY: Are there
stargates in Iraq?
>>RICKSECKER: That's
an idea as well.
It's a little bit harder to
confirm that because of--
>>NOORY: You can't get there.
>>RICKSECKER: It's very
hard to access anything
in Iraq, correct.
>>NOORY: During Saddam Hussein's
day, could we have found out?
>>RICKSECKER: Well
what's interesting is
Saddam Hussein was very
interested in archeology.
>>NOORY: And all
ancients, big time.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
The reconstruction
of the Ziggurat of Ur
we can actually thank
him in part for that.
So I guess perhaps if you
had that distinct interest
and were a researcher
with some credentials,
he may have let
you go out there.
But it would have been still--
>>RICKSECKER: Are the stargates
formed by ETs artificially
or is it part of our planet?
>>NOORY: Well, I think the
energy is there in our planet.
The Earth's magnetism powers
so much around our planet.
It's a shield from the sun.
And what's
interesting about that
is where the magnetic
shield of the Earth
hits the magnetism of
the sun out in space
they call those X
points, and NASA
has designated those as portals,
which is quite fascinating.
But the energy is definitely
there in the planet.
We see that in the telluric
currents of the Earth.
We see that in more commonly
known as the Ley lines,
and we see in those
hotspot nodes of activity
where they cross that you have
that welling of the energy
from the Earth's core that
interacts with different metals
and minerals, and it creates
these different energy fields.
And the ancients
knew how to harness
those in different fields.
And that's why
they were building
things like the pyramids
or the stone circles
and things like that.
>>NOORY: Has anybody in modern
times been hurt in a stargate?
>>RICKSECKER: So they
consider it an urban legend,
but there's always a grain
of truth somewhere in there.
Something happened,
something happened.
I don't know if you've
ever heard the story
of the Stonehenge hippies.
>>NOORY: I have not.
>>RICKSECKER: OK.
>>NOORY: We're about to.
>>RICKSECKER: We're about to.
So this was early 1970s.
This was at a point in time
when you could actually
still go up to
Stonehenge and actually
camp out if you wanted to.
And there was a
group of young adults
that decided to camp
out at Stonehenge
and had a little campfire
going and had some tents
and it was about 2:00 AM.
There was a storm that
was rolling through.
There was a policeman that was
passing by and for some reason,
there was a farmer in the
area that was still up.
And as this storm rolled in
there was this big blue flash
of lightning.
They heard some screams, and
they noticed that everybody
that was there at Stonehenge,
those young adults
had completely disappeared.
>>NOORY: Poof!
>>RICKSECKER: Poof!
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>NOORY: So the question
then becomes, OK, we've
considered Stonehenge
for calendrical purposes.
We've considered it
for ritual purposes.
We've considered it, OK, it
has astronomical alignments.
Was it possibly also some
sort of portal or stargate,
and did that electrical
surge at that moment
activate it and send them
off to some other dimension?
>>NOORY: Might Atlantis have
been swollen up by a stargate?
>>RICKSECKER: Well, I believe
that the Temple of Atlantis
had an active stargate, and
that was a mode of transport
that they were using frequently
to travel across the universe
but also around the world.
We see the Atlantean
symbolism all over.
And where we see that
is in those spiral
patterns that are in--
they permeate
throughout all cultures.
We see it in ancient Egypt.
We see it in Sardinia we see
it in the American Southwest,
Chaco Canyon, in
which they talk about
that the spiral patterns were
portals for the star people
to use to come here to Earth.
>>NOORY: Where is
the Temple of Edfu
>>RICKSECKER: Edfu-- that's
also in Egypt along the Nile.
You really have
Abydos, Dendera, Edfu.
Edfu is absolutely
fascinating because you
have the pyramid texts there.
You have the
depictions of what we
believe is a lost account of
Atlantis on the walls there.
It describes a cataclysm that
occurred in which the survivors
had to recreate civilization.
>>NOORY: Something happened.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
What's fascinating
about this is when
you look at the
story of Atlantis,
and this was passed
down from Plato
but where he got it was from his
great great great uncle, Solon,
when he had visited the
Temple of Sais in Egypt.
And this is where he learned the
Atlantis story from and passed
it on now.
The Temple of Sais is
in complete ruins now.
There's really
nothing left of it.
It's just rubble.
But the ancient Egyptians knew--
and a lot of their stories
are written on papyrus,
and a lot of that
was getting lost over time.
They knew they needed to try
to retain the story somewhere,
so you see pieces of
it in other temples
and Edfu has a large
chunk of that story.
>>NOORY: Your friend
Mohamed Ibrahim
shows depictions of stargates
at the Temple of Edfu.
>>MOHAMED IBRAHIM: There
is a story written here
by the priest, talks
about Atlantis.
When I explained this
to you three years ago,
it was because it talks about
the story of immigration,
and it showed the power
of the natives who
came through the ocean.
It could be the story
explaining the survivors
after the cataclysm.
But what cataclysm?
Not the one 9,700 BC.
This is what I want you to know,
that most of the cycles, we
talk about it, it
didn't happen one time.
It could happen 100 times.
So we had several
ice ages before,
and the end of each ice
age was flood or was rain
and too much water on Earth, OK?
In this temple, we are
going to see different type
or different style of the
work the stargate again
like this one.
OK, to make sure you
understand that this
is a stargate and this one.
So sometimes it
is above the star,
above the gate, so
stand next to the gate.
>>NOORY: Dramatic, isn't it?
>>RICKSECKER: It's
really fascinating.
Yeah, this area of
research, I think,
is one that we need to
concentrate on a little bit
more because it's right there
in plain sight to be deciphered.
>>NOORY: And he knows his stuff?
>>RICKSECKER: He really does.
Mohamed, he's an Egyptologist.
He studied under Zahi Hawass.
He's been doing--
>>NOORY: Zahi is now touring
the country, our country,
doing speaking engagements
about the pyramids.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely,
a very, very learned man.
He definitely knows his stuff.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Michael, how do people
get a hold of you?
>>RICKSECKER: You can find me--
my website is
mikericksecker.com.
You can also find my
online learning portal
connecteduniverseportal.com.
We have a course out
there on ancient Egypt,
and we also have our Stargates
of Ancient Egypt tour,
second one, coming up here.
And you can find that
information out there
at both those websites.
>>NOORY: You obviously
love what you do.
>>RICKSECKER: Oh, absolutely.
This is a passion.
This is an absolute passion.
>>NOORY: What will we
find out about stargates
that we don't know now?
>>RICKSECKER: I
think we're going
to find a lost chapter of
our humanity, something
that's been lost to time.
I think a lot of these
symbols that we see,
that we are rediscovering
now are really a memory.
And we are now just finally
interpreting those memories,
and we're coming back to life.
>>NOORY: Michael, thank you
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>RICKSECKER: Thank you so much
for having me again, George.
It's been an absolute pleasure.
>>NOORY: Can you
imagine stumbling
into a stargate and you
can't find your way back?
How horrible would that be?
But it may have happened
to hundreds of thousands
of people.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]